Add deploy-7 docs (#2645)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/monitor/http-access-logging.md

HTTP access logs help you monitor your application's usage with
information such as the persons who access it, how many hits
it receives, what the errors are, etc. This information is useful for
troubleshooting errors. WSO2 Identity Server can enable access logs for the
HTTP servlet transport. This servlet transport works on `9443`/`9763` ports,
and it receives admin/operation requests. Therefore, access logs for the

> servert transpot is useful for analysing operational/admin-level access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
servlet transport is useful for analyzing operational/admin-level access
```

    <tbody>
    <tr class="odd">
    <td>directory</td>

>     <td>This is the path to the directory that will store the access log file. By default, this location is set to <code>               ${carbon.home}/repository/logs              </code> for WSO2 Identity Server.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>This is the path to the directory that will store the access log file. By default, this location is set to <code>               <IS_HOME>/repository/logs              </code> for WSO2 Identity Server.</td>
```
